---
layout: game
title:  "Duels"
description: ""
excerpt: ""
date:   2014-01-09 05:00:00
categories: rpg
menu: rpg
---
<section class="clearfix">
<aside class="first">
	<h2>{{page.title}}</h2>			
</aside>
<article class="postings first">
This is the structure of a Duel. Duels go on until one character is incapacitated or surrenders. Will/Taint can be used to augment their character's Vitality Pool. Any Taint that appears counts only once towards the character's Taint progression and is resolved after the Duel is completed.

Duels are to incapacitation. A characters is incapacitated if they have lost all of their Vitality Pool immediately after card resolution. At this time, the opponent can choose to dispatch the character or let them live.

After a Duel the GM determines the physical fallout of the conflict. Use the following chart as a guideline to determine the type of Harm a character suffers.
			<table>
				<thead>
					<tr>
						<th>Wound Type</th>
						<th>Recommended Harm</th>
						<th>Duration</th>
					</tr>
				</thead>
				<tbody>
					<tr>
						<td>Superficial</td>
						<td>-1D to Physical Actions</td>
						<td>1 Scene Per Wound</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Deep</td>
						<td>-2D to Physical Actions</td>
						<td>1 Week Per Wound</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Massive</td>
						<td>-1D to Physical Actions</td>
						<td>Permanent</td>
					</tr>
				</tbody>
			</table>
			
The initial state of a Duel is dictated by the narration of the Scene leading up to it. Whichever character is the aggressor (initiating the violence), that character has the Tempo. Having the Tempo dictates what cards you can play.
			<ol>
				<li>Place the Tempo card in front of the player whose character has the Tempo.</li>
				<li>Each player takes cards from his Duel Deck into their hand equal to their Warrior Skill. This is their plan of action. At any point a player may spend 1 Vitality or Willpower/Taint Point to swap a card from their hand with a card from their deck.</li>
				<li>Both player simultaneously places a token on his Guard card indicating his starting Guard.</li>
				<li>The player with the Tempo lays their first card(s) and pays the Vitality cost. The Player must declare what part of the body of their opponent they are targeting.</li>
				<li>The defender answers the attack with:
					<ul>
						<li>Playing a Defense card, declaring they are done, and pays the Vitality cost.</li>
						<li>Playing a Defense card, an Attack card and pays the Vitality cost. The Player must declare what part of the body of their opponent they are targeting.</li>
						<li>Playing an Attack card and pays the Vitality cost.</li>
					</ul>
				</li>
				<li>The player with Tempo answers the defender's response with:
					<ul>
						<li>When faced with a Defense card, declares that they are done and resolves the cards.</li>
						<li>When faced with a combo of a Defense and Attack card either:
							<ul>
								<li>Declares that they are done and resolves the cards.</li>
								<li>Plays a Defense card.</li>
							</ul>
						</li>
					</ul>
				<li>The Exchange is now resolved. If at any time during an Exchange on player is successful (such as the initial attack), the follow up cards are ignored and brought back into each player's hand.
					<ol>
						<li>The player with the Tempo card makes their draw as indicated by their card and their weapon.</li>
						<li>The defender makes their draw as indicated by their card and their weapon.
							<ul>
								<li>If the defender wins but did not play an attack card as a follow up, the Tempo stays with the attacker and continue the Exchange.</li>
								<li>If the defender wins and did play an attack card as a follow up, they gain the Tempo card and draw for their attack card. If the initial attacker in the Exchange played a defense card, resolve the cards.</li>
							</ul>
						</li>
					</ol>
					To resolve the cards, the player with the most successes wins the resolution. The attacker then compares their net number of successes (the attacker's successes minus the defenders's successes) against their opponent's armor value for that location and subtracts that number from their successes. If there are any successes remaining, they are compared against the Harm chart and the effect is applied.
				</li>
				<li>If all of the characters are still alive, capable, and still have cards in their hand, return to step five. Continue this cycle until either a character is dead, incapacitated, one player has no more cards to play or a player disengages.</li>
				<li>Once a character either disengages or one player runs out of cards from their hand, the Exchange is over. Each character recovers Vitality equal to their recovery rate. If a character disengages while having the Tempo card, they now lose it to their opponent. Otherwise, the character with the Tempo card retains it for the next Exchange, starting at Step 1 above.</li>

</ol>
</article>
</section>
	
<section class="clearfix">
<aside>
<h2>Measure &amp; The Lines</h2>			
</aside>
<article class="postings">
<p>Measure is the relative distance between two opponents that dictates what cards can be played and what impact they have. The Measure card is placed between the two players with a coin placed upon the starting Measure. As Measure changes through the movement of the characters, move the coin. In the case of multiple opponents, each opponent has it's own Measure card to show their relative positioning.</p>

<p>Only Guard Change and movement cards can be used Out of Measure. Using Disengage here ends the Duel via flight.</p>

<p>Only the Passing Attack action can be played from Wide Measure in Tempo. All other attacks grant Tempo to the opponent.</p>

<p>All actions save Grapple and Toss are possible in Narrow Measure.</p>

<p>All actions save Girata and Passing Attack are possible in the Clinch.</p>
<h4>The Lines</h4>
<p>There are two lines in which you may attack and defend, the Inside and Outside line. Several action cards are marked with either the Inside or Outside line. Specific Guards work better against different lines of attack.</p>

</article>
</section>

<section class="clearfix">
<aside>
<h2>The Guards</h2>			
</aside>
<article class="postings">
<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th>Guard</th>
<th>Descriptions</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>First</td>
<td>+2D to to defend against attacks to the legs. +1D to Parry against Strikes (stacks with leg bonus).</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Second</td>
<td>+2D Parry against all attacks from the Outside Line.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Third</td>
<td>+1D to Strikes and Thrust cards.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Fourth</td>
<td>+2D Parry against all attacks from the Inside line. +1D to the Girata.</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
</article>
</section>

<section class="clearfix">
<aside>
<h2>Harm Chart</h2>			
</aside>
<article class="postings">
<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th>1 - 2 Success</th>
<th>3 - 4 Successes</th>
<th>5+ Successes</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>
<em>Light Wound</em><br/>
-1 to Vitality Pool
</td>
<td>
<em>Deep Wound</em><br/>
-5 to Vitality Pool<br/>+2 Difficulty for All Actions
</td>
<td>
<em>Massive Wound</em><br/>
-16 to Vitality Pool<br/>Double Difficulty for all Actions<br/>Loose Next Action
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
</article>
</section>
<section class="clearfix">
<aside>
<h2>Duel Cards</h2>			
</aside>
<article class="postings">
<p><a href="data/DuelCards.pdf" target="_blank">Duel Cards Download</a></p>
<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th>Move</th>
<th>Vitality Cost</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>Strike</td>
<td>2V</td>
<td><p>Use this card for all leveraged, swinging attacks (kicks, hammer-fists, cutting, and bashing weapons).</p><p>Perform a Beat with this card by using it to attack an opponent’s weapon and combining it with another Strike or Thrust card. Resolve the initial Strike card against the opponent’s defense card. If successful, the opponent may only attempt to Void the secondary attack. If failed, both cards are spent. The Beat is automatically countered by the Disengage card. </p></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Parry</td>
<td>2V</td>
<td><p>Use this card to halt a Strike or Thrust card by leveraging your weapon.</p><p>Perform a Riposte with this card by using it to defend against an opponent’s attack and combining it with a Strike or Thrust card. First resolve the Parry against the opponent’s attack card. If successful apply the opponent may only use a Void card to avoid your attack. If failed, both cards are spent.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Feint</td>
<td>2V</td>
<td><p>Play this card after an opponent plays a Parry card. This card transforms a Strike or Thrust card into a Feint. It automatically defeats the Parry allowing you to play a follow on Strike card. The Strike card is unopposed unless your opponent responds with a Void card or a Parry card played using a secondary weapon or shield.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Void</td>
<td>3V</td>
<td><p>Play this card to dodge an opponent’s attack. If two Void cards are played, you leap Out of Measure causing an automatic disengage.</p><p>Perform a Girata with this card by combining it with a Strike or Thrust card. If successful, the opponent cannot defend against the attack. If failed, both cards are spent.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Interacting</td>
<td>1V</td>
<td><p>Us this card for all non-combat actions during a Duel such as drawing a new weapon, picking up a dropped weapon, leaping an obstacle, tossing a friend a shield or any other interaction with the environment.</p>
<p>Playing this card while having the Tempo ceded the Tempo to your opponent after resolving this card. This card cannot be combined with any other cards.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Thrust</td>
<td>2V</td>
<td><p>Use this card for any linear attacks against an opponent such as thrusting with a weapon or jabs with the first.</p><p>The Thrust is very quick granting a +1D, but is more easily parried when a weapon is in presence, providing an opponent a +1D to Parry.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Disarm</td>
<td>2V</td>
<td><p>Use this card to take an opponent’s weapon away from them.</p><p>This card may only be performed immediately following a successful Grapple card. Your opponent may only defend with a Grapple or Void card.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Grapple</td>
<td>2V</td>
<td><p>Use this card to grab, lock, submit, or hold your opponent or his weapon. This card is also used to oppose Grapple, Disarm, and Toss cards.</p><p>Any Grapple card played holding a weapon larger than a knife gives the player a -1D.</p><p>Play this card with the Tempo to grab an opponent and enter the Clinch. Once in the Clinch, each net success from playing this card removes one card from your opponent’s hand if you have the Tempo. If this card is played while in the Clinch and you do not have the Tempo, draw into your hand a number of cards equal to your net successes.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Toss</td>
<td>3V</td>
<td><p>Use this card to unbalance your opponent or slam them into the ground, wall or off the rampart.</p><p>This card may only be used in the Clinch and has varied effects based on net successes:</p>
<ol>
<li>Opponent is unbalanced, loses 1 card and suffers a -1D to next action.</li>
<li>Opponent is tripped up, loses 2 cards and suffers a -2D to next action.</li>
<li>Opponent is thrown, loses 3 cards, loses 2 Vitality, and suffers a -3D to next action.</li>
</ol></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Dirty Trick</td>
<td>1V</td>
<td><p>Use this card to distract or trick your opponent, creating an opening to attack.</p>

<p>Success with this card removes cards from your opponent’s hand equal to your net successes. This card can be played in any Measure.</p>

<p>If unsuccessful, you concede Tempo to your opponent.</p></p></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Disengage</td>
<td>1V</td>
<td><p>Use this card to decrease Measure or to counter a Beat attack. This card is automatically successful against a defensive card or Guard change. If you had the Tempo card while playing this card, you now lose the Tempo Card.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Guard Change</td>
<td>1V</td>
<td><p>Use this card to change your Guard one step. Guard Changes follow the order of 1st to 2nd to 3rd to 4th or back from 4th to 3rd to 2nd to 1st. To more more than one Guard at a time, simply play as many Guard Change cards equal to the required steps.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Close</td>
<td>1V</td>
<td><p>Use this card to increase Measure one step, which is necessary for successfully attacking an opponent. Playing this card twice increases Measure two steps.</p>

<p>This card can only be countered by the Disengage or Void cards. If an opponent uses a Strike or Thrust card against this card, should they be successful they automatically steal the Tempo.</p>

<p>Perform a Passing Attack with this card by combining it with a Strike or Thrust card. Resolve the Measure card against the opponent’s defense card. If successful, the opponent may only attempt to Void the attack. If failed, both cards are spent.</p></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
</article>
</section>