---
layout: post
title:  "The Gividaz"
description: "In 1336 2E, the Gividaz are first reported as joining the Tarathi in their invasion of the province of Dervas [Later Toloska]. They had migrated from Sarl Country and Zellas reported that they were a lesser Sarl tribe that was forced out for not being war-like enough."
excerpt: "In 1336 2E, the Gividaz are first reported as joining the Tarathi in their invasion of the province of Dervas **[Later Toloska]**. They had migrated from Sarl Country and Zellas reported that they were a lesser Sarl tribe that was forced out for not being war-like enough."
date:   2013-11-09 05:00:00
categories: G
tags: [tarathi, vavasla horde]
---

In 1336 2E, the Gividaz are first reported as joining the Tarathi in their invasion of the province of Dervas **[Later Toloska]**. They had migrated from Sarl Country and Zellas reported that they were a lesser Sarl tribe that was forced out for not being war-like enough. Despite this they terrified the Tarathi, who allied with them to yoke their strength for their invasion of the Empire.

He describes their first settlements as being at the mouth of the Valasta River, which runs from the Oldaskan Zeged Mountains north to the Valdering Sea. From this position of strength, under their Kur Vastiva, they enlarged their domain by overwhelming the Bardi, nearly destroying them and forcing the entire nation to flee west.

Later, in the Third Era (58/9 3E) they fell under the sway of the Cavasla Horde, joining with the forces of Skorpa Khagan as he was defeated for the first time at the *Battle of Carlundo's Orchid* in Galvus **[ Later Falkia ]** in 134 3E. During the flight of the Cavasla Horde back east, the Gividas fought a running battle with the imperial allied Falki, leaving 15,000 of their enemies dead in their wake.

Following Skorpa Khagan's death two years later, the Gividaz, under their last Kur Avadirk, broke the the power of the Cavasla Horde. Unlike other tribes, instead of following up the defeat of their enemy with conquest and destruction, the entire people marched into the *Unknowable East*. It is believed that as one, men, women and children they stormed the Iron Gates. What happened there is beyond this author's knowledge.