---
layout: apprentice
title:  "Apprentice - Challenge Phase"
description: "With the Trial identified, the first Challenge must be defined. When the Apprentice or Warband is acting, the Master identifies the Challenge. When the Master or his Minions are acting, the Apprentice must identify the Challenge. The Challenge can be defined freely from the elements defined in the description of the location and by the visual representation of the map, or can be created from the use of Destiny Stones. However, it must be done in three sentences or less."
categories: "apprentice"
menu: "apprentice"
---
<h3 class="text-center">Journey Phase</h3>
<p class="first">With the Trial identified, the first Challenge must be defined. When the Apprentice or Warband is acting, the Master identifies the Challenge. When the Master or his Minions are acting, the Apprentice must identify the Challenge. The Challenge can be defined freely from the elements defined in the description of the location and by the visual representation of the map, or can be created from the use of Destiny Stones. However, it must be done in three sentences or less.</p>
<p class="call-out text-center">The Ring of Nimue must be acquired from Gylvi the Smith, to open Thor’s Doorstep. He is being held against his will by the Order of the Sacred Cup in Blavik, where he is chained and forced to craft for them weapons that do not heed armor made by mortal men.</p>
<p class="first">The above example is a typical creation of a Challenge combining existing elements as well as spending Destiny Stones to add new elements. Thor’s Doorstep, the Order of the Sacred Cup and Blavik are all free to use as they are defined within the text. However, the Ring of Nimue, Gylvi the Smith, and the weapons he has crafted for the Order each would cost a Destiny Stone to bring into play.</p>
<p>Once the Challenge is declared, the characters move to engage in actions to overcame it. The description of these actions defines what Trait the character will use to overcome the Challenge, and ultimately lead to a successful Trial.</p>
<p class="call-out text-center">Haltaf, sets off to meet with the local clans to demand their support for a raid on Blavik to free Gylvi the Smith.</p>
<p class="first">In the example above, the player decides to leverage Haltaf’s Lendmann skill to command the local clansmen to aid in the rescue of the Smith. The clansman do not provide any mechanical bonus, but the context of Haltaf’s actions allow the player to leverage one of his stronger skills to overcome the Challenge.</p>
<p>Now the previous example is fine and it serves the purpose of the game, however it is not very exciting or evocative. A good Trait description both adds fun to the game and is evocative, which is the precondition for earning Destiny Stones. </p>
<p class="call-out text-center">Haltaf arrives at the camp of the local clans on Skidbladnir whose very presence awed them. Speaking of strategies and the weaknesses of their enemy, he draws them into his plans to storm Blavik and free Gylvi the Smith.</p>
<p class="first">This description is much more evocative and it also includes one of Haltaf’s Resources, Skidbladnir the Folding Boat, which can now be added to his Throw. That player can then role-play out the scene he has described with the other players at the table picking up roles as needed. Once the scene reaches a conclusion, the player earns a Destiny Stone.</p>
<p>After the scene, your opponent defines the conditions of the Challenge with two sentences. This procedure mirrors that of the Challenge definition, allowing your opponent the chance to narrate a difficult situation that translate into a Target Number. For example, the Master may describe:</p>
<p class="call-out text-center">The storming of Blavik is no easy feat. The clans you have recruited to your cause have suffered many defeats on their own raids, and some have even turned to the One God after being visited by missionaries. The combination of this with their martial training, the recent expansion of fortifications, and the weapons made by the Smith will make this a costly battle.</p>
<p class="first">This statement uses elements that exist in the descriptions found in the text, those items already created earlier in the Challenge, as well as a new element (the recent fortifications) created through the use of a Destiny Stone. From this statement you create a Target Number the player of Haltaf must attempt to overcome. This is done by totaling up all of the relevant element.</p>
<p class="call-out text-center">Many Defeats + Traitors + Martial Training + Fortifications + Weapons = Target Number 6</p>
<p class="first">The player of Haltaf then Throws a number of Runes equal to his Trait. If he tallies up enough successes to meet or exceed the Target Number of the Challenge, he is victorious. If not he suffers ignoble defeat.</p>
<p>If you overcome the Challenge your enemy describes the events that occurred that led to your victory. However, they get to convey the course of events how they like in three sentences or less. You are still victorious, but the events are painted in a light favorable to your enemies. In doing so, this gives them an opportunity to add elements to the game for free as if they were using Destiny Stones.
<p class="call-out text-center">Haltaf leads the Yngling and Nording Clans in the storming of Blavik, bringing down the fortifications after hours of hard fighting. Upon reaching the priory they found Sir Ulric wielding a blade that shone with the light of the One God. He slew many before he was forced to retreat, vowing vengeance against those who freed Gylvi the Smith.</p>
<p class="first">In that short statement, the Master has introduced two clans, the destruction of the fortifications, Sir Ulric, his sword, and his vow of vengeance. All of these items are now fair game to be used for other Trials or Challenges.</p>
<p>If you do not earn enough successes equal to or greater than the Target Number, you have failed the Challenge and must describe your failure in three sentences of less. In doing so, you are given an opportunity to add elements to the game for free as if you were using Destiny Stones. However, your opponent also places upon you a Condition based upon your description of your failure.</p>
<p class="call-out text-center">Haltaf leads the the Yngling and Nording Clans in the storming of Blavik, bringing down the fortifications after hours of fighting. Upon reaching the priory, they found a dying Sir Ulric, who foretold Haltaf’s death at the hands of his brother. After torturing a priest of the One God, he learned that The Smith had been moved the week before to an island fortress called the Aery.</p>
<p class="first">After this description, the Master may now place one of the Conditions listed below upon Haltaf. These conditions last through the entire Trial.</p>
<ul>
	<li>Shamed by - Throw 1 less Rune Stone when encountering what shames you.</li>
	<li>Starved for - Throw 1 less Rune Stone to do anything by attempt to end your hunger.</li>
	<li>Enraged by - Throw 1 less Rune Stone to do anything but attack that which enrages you.</li>
	<li>Exhausted from - Throw 1 less Rune Stone for any activity that requires you to be active.</li>
	<li>Depressed by - Throw 1 less Rune Stone when distracted by what depresses you.</li>
	<li>Damaged by - Throw 1 less Rune Stone when using something of yours that is damaged.</li>
</ul>
<p class="first">The failure of the Challenge also has an impact on the Trial as well. The description of the failure redefines the the next Challenge that needs to be met and forces another member of your side to deal with the situation. Your failure precludes you from trying to overcome this Challenge.</p>