---
layout: apprentice
title:  "Apprentice - Interactive Map"
description: "An interactive map filled with details of each location"
categories: "apprentice"
menu: "apprentice"
---
<h3 class="text-center">Interactive Map</h3>
<div id="map-wrapper">
	<div class="interactive-map">
	<div class="morning-star" title="<h3>City of Morning Star</h3><h4 class='futhark'>MAXERYSTJERT</h4><p>Morning Star is nestled centrally in the island chain known as the Fates. It is governed by Jarl Skadi Sigurdsson, a cruel tyrant who actively supports Hadvar and his Taptwar Reavers. From his holdfast overlooking the city he acts on every animal impulse, only given pause when he faces power he cannot understand.</p><p>The city itself has been raised and rebuilt a dozen times over the last 100 years as it has suffered fires, raids, and several mad Jarls. If it wasn’t for the abundant iron found on the island, it would have remained uninhabited. Despite this, it is the home to the only library to be found in all of Navari. It is the only building to never fall to the flames, raids of jarls.</p>" rel="tooltip"></div>
	<div class="lesser-vijir" title="<h3>Lesser Shrine of Vijir</h3><h4 class='futhark'>SHRIN AV VIJIR</h4><p>East of Morning Star stands the lesser shrine of Vijir. Made of a small boulder of dragon glass, it is the meeting place for many different types of worshipers of Vijir. During the fool moon, true born Vargs gather here to hunt at their lord’s behest. On the summer solstice beserkers bring their sons to initiate them into their mad lifestyle and on the winter solstice, it is said witches meet to celebrate their lord’s blessings. No one who speaks of these things has ever witnessed them and the Librarian is supprisingly silent on the issue.</p>" rel="tooltip"></div>
	<div class="mork" title="<h3>Holdfast Mork</h3><h4 class='futhark'>MORKBORX</h4><p>The Holdfast of Mork sits astride two islands, splitting the seat of Clan Rorir into two quarters, one well off and one home to some of the worst people to be found in all of Navari. Mork is the center of all drug trafficking in Navari, with the poor of the city suffering from the trade while the heads of the clan reap the rewards.</p><p>
	Jarl Jagr Blacktooth rules the city in name, but is a drunken fool and so his nephew Sarn is said to rule through him. It is believed that he has built a network of informants and agents across the entire region in every brothel, gambling house, and thieves den.</p>" rel="tooltip"></div>
	<div class="tarnet-stone" title="<h3>Tarnet Stone</h3><h4 class='futhark'>TARNET STIN</h4><p>The Tarnet Stone is said to mark the entrance to the land of the Alfar in this region. Using ancient rituals known to the First Men, a great rend in the world could be opened here to allow men to cross into the land of the Alfar to plunder their riches.</p><p>Of course, nothing about the Alfar is ever simple and no door is not without it’s guardian. The Librarian of Morning Star believes that once the rend in the world is made, the Gatekeeper will step forth to destroy those who seek the lands of the Alfar. According to tradition the Gatekeeper is a monstrous creation forged from the flesh of the dead, sewn together with thread made from the silvery hair of Alfar maidens.</p>" rel="tooltip"></div>
	<div class="blavik" title="<h3>Blavik</h3><h4 class='futhark'>BLAVIK</h4><p>Blavik is a unique place in the region as the village was established by the Order of the Sacred Cup, a militant religious order from the south. The village is centered on a chapel and priory to the One God, which house priests and warrior monks who are determined to turn the Norderin people away from their worship of the Cold Gods.</p><p>There are nine knights who rule the village, though it is not uncommon for others to pass through on their way to guard missionaries spreading the faith throughout the north. Several clans have led raids against the village and have all been turned back. Those whose pride was most damaged by these defeats have offered generous rewards to anyone who can bring the knights to their knees.</p>" rel="tooltip"></div>
	<div class="thors-doorstep" title="<h3>Thor’s Doorstep</h3><h4 class='futhark'>WORS DARSKEP</h4><p>Thor, son of Jons, was as much a monster as his father. However, instead of turning his dark desires upon his people he focused on the Alfar. He hunted them, enslaved them, and tortured them. He sought the secret of their immortality and in the end it destroyed him.</p><p>Thor’s Doorstep is all that remains of the city he had his Alfar slaves build. After his death at their hands, they tore it down, brick by brick, leaving only a rune covered doorstep, which was constructed by the Galgramr Wodin. It is believed that on certain nights, by walking through the doorstep, you can be transported to the city at the height of it’s power. Many have tried in hopes of bringing back the great riches and powerful magic of that time. Only one man has succeeded, Baldr of Blavik.</p>" rel="tooltip"></div>
	<div class="vegars-barrow" title="<h3>Vegars Barrow</h3><h4 class='futhark'>VEXARS BAROV</h4><p>Vegar’s Barrow is both the final resting place of an early Konge, Vegar Blue-Fingers. It is also believed that his barrow sits upon a lost Alfar city, hiding it from men and Alfar alike. Legend states that because Vegar was spurned by an Alfar princess he built his barrow over the entrance to their home, having it enchanted by a powerful Galgramr to keep any who enter the city from escaping.</p><p>The Librarian of Morning Star is said to be interested in a particular statue from this Alfar city, and will handsomely reward those who return it to him. A small number of people have tried to recover it, but none have yet returned.</p>" rel="tooltip"></div>
	<div class="skumring" title="<h3>Skumring</h3><h4 class='futhark'>SKUMRQ</h4><p>Skumring is a village across the straight from Morning Star, tucked away in a treacherous, mist shrouded fjord. A mining community, it was founded three generations ago by the Stodi Clan, who where worshipers of the Deep One. Thirty years ago the Jarl of Morning Star burned the village temple to the ground because of this cult, slaying the high priest. However, Bibles of the Deep One have begun to surface in other communities recently and rumor has it that the Brethren have returned to Skumring.</p>" rel="tooltip"></div>
	<div class="kaldbran" title="<h3>Kaldbran</h3><h4 class='futhark'>KALDBRAN</h4><p>Kaldbrain is a village northwest of Morning Star that is centered on a strange impenitrable tower whose top is always burning with a mystical flame. The arcitecture of the tower is entirely foreign to the region and though there is no entrance in or out, voices can often be heard inside speaking in unfamiliar languages.</p><p>Around the tower, the village is mostly unremarkable. The people are mostly fishermen or herdsman, though the Black Hand mercenary company has recently begun constructing a keep here. Many of their members have chosen this sleepy village for their retirement having completed tours in both the Clan War and the Tarathan Civil War.</p>" rel="tooltip"></div>
	<div class="fraja-tilfaukt" title="<h3>Fraja Tilfaukt</h3><h4 class='futhark'>KALDFRAJA TILFAUKTBRAN</h4><p>Fraja Tilfaukt is an odd village of 30 souls that sits on the edge of a marsh. The strange name is said to come from the Dvergr who once made the place their home, forging fine works of metal and stone. Their legacy can be seen in the many stone buildings in the village that have a much higher degree of craftsmanship to them than any other found in the region.</p><p>It is rumored that several inhabitants of the village have disappeared of late. Locals speak of strange lights in the marsh and of odd grinding and clanging sounds ringing out through the night. Some fear that the Dvergr have returned to reclaim their home.</p>" rel="tooltip"></div>
	<div class="feolnir" title="<h3>Holdfast Feolnir</h3><h4 class='futhark'>FYORNIBORX</h4><p>During the rule of the Jutun they were served by human priests called Jutlings. The Jutun granted them small amounts of their power in exchange for total loyalty. At the height of this power they made the Holdfast of Feolnir their home. Here the highest ranking priest met within the temple to forge laws and craft artifacts of power.</p><p>When Vijir, Vojin, and Vajir revolted against the Jutun, their first act was to attack Feolnir on the summer solstice, when all of the Jutlings were in attendance. With great magic they cursed the populace with life eternal, so long as they remaned within the hold. It is assumed that they all eventually threw off immortality to walk off into the snow to die, but the Librarian of Morning Star is not so sure.</p>" rel="tooltip"></div>
	<div class="greater-vijir" title="<h3>Greater Shrine of Vijir</h3><h4 class='futhark'>SHRIN AV VIJIR</h4><p>To the southwest of the Shrine of Modi stands the towering Shrine of Vijir. Made of a solid piece of dragon glass, it seems to shimmer and change shape when the lights of the aurora hits it. At its feet stands a bronze door that is said to bar the way to Vijir’s hoard, which can only be reached by those worthy of his cunning challenges. No one has been worthy since the fall of the Jutun.</p>" rel="tooltip"></div>
	<div class="red-dame" title="<h3>The Red Dame</h3><h4 class='futhark'>WE ROD DAM</h4><p>The Red Dame was a merchant vessel out of Winter that twenty years ago ran afoul the shoals near the island where it now lays. The crew was able to put into shore, but the ship was unsalvageable so they made themselves a home out of it on the island, living off of seals and fish. Eventually a town grew up around the ruins of the ship as more and more merchants and reavers stopped on their way to Western Navari.</p>" rel="tooltip"></div>
	<div class="svart-blooded" title="<h3>Swart the Blooded’s Barrow</h3><h4 class='futhark'>SVART BLOD BAROV</h4><p>Swart the Blooded was the Konge of Navari shortly after the death of his grandfather, Jons. He was not like his grandfather or father and did not give in to his dark impulses. He went so far as to banish the worship of the Cold Gods all together. This act probably explains his legendary death at the hands of Skadi and her Wild Hunt.</p><p>His barrow is said to be the last of its kind, built in the old style where the Konge was buried with the bodies of his Hird, who were forced to fight to the death so they could server him in Valhalla. It is also said that he was buried with the Dragon Crown, which is said to have been forged from the teeth of the last wyrm of the north, Nari.</p>" rel="tooltip"></div>
	<div class="winter" title="<h3>City of Winter</h3><h4 class='futhark'>VINTERBORX</h4><p>The city of Winter is always cold and covered in snow due to its location at the tip of Jutun’s Finger. Its streets are lined with braziers kept burning day and night so that the citizens don’t freeze to death. Everything is built of petrified wood harvested from beneath the nearby hills, creating a somber dark atmosphere.</p><p>Jarl Torygg, known as the Wolf of Walfhold, rule Winter through cunning and guile. It is said that during the Clan War he ruthlessly took Walfhold to secure the Jutun’s Finger for the Konge. Women and children were tortured to give up the names of all the surviving Walf Clan members. All who opposed him, even in the smallest way, were executed.</p>" rel="tooltip"></div>
	<div class="frostflit" title="<h3>Frostflit</h3><h4 class='futhark'>FROSTFLIT</h4><p>The Frostflit lighthouse sits at the very tip of the Jutun’s Finger, lighting the way for ships coming from the south to trade in the City of Winter. It is kept by Hadvar the Stone, the last member of the Gravyrnn Clan. The people of Winter believe he is in fact a member of the Brotherhood, an organization of assassins from Taratha. The rumors are only fueled by the fact that he made his living as a mercenary fighting in the many civil wars in that country.</p>" rel="tooltip"></div>
	<div class="mot" title="<h3>Shrine of Mot</h3><h4 class='futhark'>SHRIN AV MOT</h4><p>To the southeast of the city of Winter stands the massive shrine to Mot, the god of glory, courage and single combat. It is said that this shrine stands over the shattered city of Jagar. In the misty time before men were given the wisdom of Vojin, Mot laid waste to this marvelous city of the Jutun, but not before being mortally wounded by their living god, Malex and Zotha.</p><p>Today, warriors make pilgramages to the shrine to battle with one another as a tribute to their dead god. Those that don’t fight venture into the subteranean ruins of Jagar, seeking glory and the riches of a long dead civilization.</p>" rel="tooltip"></div>
	<div class="storm" title="<h3>Holdfast Storm</h3><h4 class='futhark'>STORMBORX</h4><p>The Holdfast of Storm was built after the Clan War to monitor the clans to the north of Jutun’s Finger. Today Clan Korir calls it home where they use it as their base to hunt the surviving clansmen of Clan Walf as well as fight off the Taptwor Reavers.</p><p>The Jarl of the Korir is Brunwulf, a man beaten and broken by the horrors of a life spent at war. It is known that he worries that his son and heir Farengar has succumbed to the same blood madness that consumed him as a younger man. Clan members and strangers alike in the region fear that with the acquisition of a new runed blade, Farengar has somehow become even more bloodthirsty and may turn on the common people.</p>" rel="tooltip"></div>
	<div class="dod" title="<h3>Holdfast Dod</h3><h4 class='futhark'>DODBORX</h4><p>Dod is said to be named after the great hero of the Jutun War and friend of Vijir, Dodridr the Mad. It sits on an isolated foreboding island surrounded by hidden shoals and is ruled by Jarl Hroggar, who some believe is a sorcerer. The people of the holdfast do not travel at night, though from their windows they often see looming shadows and green lights in the distance.</p><p>The people of Dod, when they choose to speak to strangers, will tell of Thornir, who disappeared into the woods 50 years ago. It is said that he murdered his wife and young daughter in favor of his lover, a stranger from lands distant, warm and green. The townsfolk rose up and tried to kill him, but he escaped using strange powers and now makes his home in a series of caves somewhere in the surrounding woods.</p>" rel="tooltip"></div>
	<div class="haakon-barrow" title="<h3>Haakon’s Barrow</h3><h4 class='futhark'>HAKON BAROV</h4><p>In a wind swept fjord north of Dod lies Haakon’s Barrow, the legendary founder of the Norderin people and the man from whom all the Konges claim their ancestry. Spreading out from the location of this barrow, which was once the capital of Navari, he lead his people in a genocidal war against the Alfar.</p><p>The war with the Alfar culminated when he slew the Night King, though he took a mortal wound for his trouble. His people took his body to the capital, converting the city into a massive barrow. There they entombed him with his axe and all those warriors that had been slain in his service. It is said that with the recent stirring of the Alfar smoke as if from a camping army can now be seen rising above the barrow.</p>" rel="tooltip"></div>
	<div class="daskan-colony" title="<h3>Daskan Colony</h3><h4 class='futhark'>DASKAN KOLONY</h4><p>Norderins are not the only people to call this region home. Thirty years ago a small army fleeing with their dependents arrived in search of sanctuary from the civil unrest occurring in Oldaska. The Jarl of Winter granted them permission to build their town in exchange for guarding the eastern trade routes.</p><p>The colony is ruled by Radek of Dro, the son of Lukasz, the founder of the colony who was broken on the wheel by the Taptwor Reavers. The people whisper that his ghost stalks the colony wreathed in fire, bringing death to those that displease him and wisdom to those he favors.</p>" rel="tooltip"></div>
	<div class="skirn" title="<h3>Holdfast of Skirn</h3><h4 class='futhark'>SKIRNBORX</h4><p>High atop the mountains of the Jutun’s Finger lies a cyclopean fortress carved out of the living bones of the world. In the time when the Jutun held dominion over all the world during the long winter this place was least among their cities. Despite this the horrific marvels of the city defy human understanding.</p><p>Today what remains of this vast ruin is either overrun by trolls or the servants of the Jutun who still go about maintaining the city as they did an age ago. It is also said that the Huldra also makes this place her home, enticing the adventuresome to their doom.</p>" rel="tooltip"></div>
	<div class="jutu" title="<h3>Tarn of Jutu</h3><h4 class='futhark'>TARN AV JUTU</h4><p>When the Jutun were overthrown by the brothers Vajir, Vojin, and Vijir not all men threw off the yoke of slavery. These men became known as the Jutu and in the wake of the Great Rebellion they took one of the homes of their former masters, the Tarn, and made it their own. Today the Tarn has become a place of pilgrimage where men climb the 10,000 steps to seek the enlightenment of an age long dead.</p><p>It is said that the Jutu are no longer men, but something both bestial and wise. They can both be savage and horrific as well as serene and beautiful. What this truly means is unknown to all save those who have sought to climb the 10,000 steps.</p>" rel="tooltip"></div>
	<div class="jons-barrow" title="<h3>Jons’ Barrow</h3><h4 class='futhark'>JONS BAROV</h4><p>North of the Tarn of Jutu stands Jons’ Barrow, a sprawling underground labyrinth within which is buried the Konge of Corruption. In the mythic age after the fall of the Jutun, Jons studied their ancient and horrific blood magic in an effort to discover the immortality denied to him by the Cold Gods. With that knowledge he drew dark men to his cause and eventually sought to conquer all of the north.</p><p>For a hundred years he ruled the north like a dark cloud until he was laid low by an unnamed warlord from the west. He burned the remains of the Konge of Corruption, but before the ashes could be cast to the wind, his followers stole them an entombed them in the barrow with all of his artifacts of power. Now it is whispered that something stirs in the barrow.</p>" rel="tooltip"></div>
	<div class="walf" title="<h3>Holdfast Walf</h3><h4 class='futhark'>VALFBORX</h4><p>The Walf clan was founded by Hroldan Red Wolf, a great warrior who united and lead the ten warring konges who ruled Jutun’s Finger hundreds of years ago. When the modern line of Navari kings invaded, he refused to yield and fought until his death at the hands of Harald the Red. Harald was so impressed that he anointed Hroldan’s son Walfric Jarl of Walf.</p><p>For centuries the Walf clan was loyal to the Konges of Navari until the Clan War broke out and they sided with the elder prince. This proved the clan’s doom as their hold was shattered and the surviving members scattered. However, despite the destruction, rebels, scavengers and reavers have taken up residence in the ruins, some said to be searching for Hroldan’s blade, Red Wolf’s Fury.</p>" rel="tooltip"></div>
	<div class="rawn" title="<h3>Holdfast Rawn</h3><h4 class='futhark'>RAWNBORX</h4><p>When men speak of Rawn, they first lock their doors then speak in whispers. Rawn is a sprawling castle that rests on a secluded island east of the ruins of Walf. There Jarl Harkon rules Clan Tholki absolutely, which has lead to whispers of dark powers ensuring his people’s loyalty. It is even said that Jarl Torygg is uncomfortable in Harkon’s presence, having visited the hold only once since the end of the Clan War.</p>" rel="tooltip"></div>
	<div class="slang-stone" title="<h3>Slang Stone</h3><h4 class='futhark'>SLANX STIN</h4><p>In the ancient days when men and Alfar alike were the slaves of the Jutun, the two people would meet at secret locations where the lands of the Alfar and men overlapped. These locations were marked by stone monuments carved from the very bones of the world. It is said that the Slang Stone was the first such location, but like all secrets was eventually found out by the cunning Jutun. There they laid an ambush and slew the Alfar and men who dared resist their rule.</p>" rel="tooltip"></div>
	<div class="ivars-barrow" title="<h3>Ivar’s Barrow</h3><h4 class='futhark'>IVAR BAROV</h4><p>A large forgotten temple to Beli, Ivar’s Barrow is now home to the dead and the restless dead. Once it was home to a thriving community of warriors that sought to live up to the standards of their God. However, an unknown catastrophe fell upon the town, leaving only death and ruin. There are whispers that a great treasure of Beli still sits in the dead hand of his high priest.</p>" rel="tooltip"></div>
	<div class="hall-heroes" title="<h3>Hall of Heroes</h3><h4 class='futhark'>HAL AV HELTER</h4><p>Southeast of Siststop there stands a bastion like no other in the north. Here stands the Hall of Heroes, the great manor built by the Nine Heroes of Mot after they imprisoned Fiolnir. Today it is now home to their descendants, a cohort of warriors whose mission is to find glory in battle against monstrous enemies.</p>" rel="tooltip"></div>
	<div class="rojk" title="<h3>Rojk</h3><h4 class='futhark'>ROJK</h4><p>Rojk is an ancient ruin that sits upon the highest hill of the island of Njorn. It is a large tower with a dozen floors as well as a labrynth of tunnels beneath. The men of the village of Dagree say a great Galgramr once made the tower his home. There he accepted tribute from all the islands of the north before he destroyed himself using the forbidden arts. Today they say they can still see fires burning from the top of the ruin from time to time and occasionally hear screams on the wind.</p>" rel="tooltip"></div>
	<div class="taptwor" title="<h3>The Taptwor</h3><h4 class='futhark'>WE TAPT VOR</h4><p>The Taptwor is the not so secret hideout of the Taptwor Reavers, a ruthless band of beserkers who raid up and down Jutun’s Finger, preying on their own people. They are ruled by Jarl Hadvar, who pays lip service to the Konge while accumulating a vast horde of wealth. Several expeditions have been sent against him from other Jarls, but with little or no success. Still they try because of the many valuable things he is rumored to possess.</p>" rel="tooltip"></div>
	<div class="siststop" title="<h3>Siststop</h3><h4 class='futhark'>SIST STOP</h4><p>Sistop is a small settlement of fishermen nestled near the edge of the Alfar wood. The Sigr Clan, renown for their scholars and occasional Galgramrs, makes this village it’s seat of power. Unlike other clans, they do not reside in a great keep but a series of small long houses, belying the image of noble warrior chiefs.</p><p>It was not always this way. In the village green there is a patch of ground on which nothing grows. At this spot a great scion of the family died fighting one of his own creations, a golem made of the human fat of 100 men. It is said that this one act is what redeemed the clan in the eyes of the Konge allowing them to remain in existence despite the madness that sometimes afflicts their numbers.</p>" rel="tooltip"></div>
	<div class="nat" title="<h3>Holdfast Nat</h3><h4 class='futhark'>NATBORX</h4><p>The Holdfast Nat is a high spired keep of gleaming white stone that rises out of the Woods of Corruption. Long ago it was home to worshipers of Sannhet who protected the people of the region. Their guardianship came to an end when a band of Alfar invaded the vast complex.</p><p>Legend states that as the battle went in favor of the Alfar, who sought to seize the Umbra, the priests of Sannhet released the Red Gloom. The Red Gloom froze the attackers and defenders in time, where they continue to fight without end.</p>" rel="tooltip"></div>
	<div class="dagree" title="<h3>Dagree</h3><h4 class='futhark'>DAXRY</h4><p>Dagree is a small settlement centered around the Black Tree Inn and an iron mine owned by the Kjeld Clan, whose members make up the majority of the citizens. However, the village has a dark past, where long ago the inhabitants trapped the original rulers, the Stir Clan and killed them.</p><p>It is said that the Stir Clan was cursed by a passing wise man to transform into wolves every seven years to mark the seven days they tortured him. During one of those transformations, the villages rose up and slew the Stir Clan, though some whisper one scion of the house escaped and still lives today.</p>" rel="tooltip"></div>
	<div class="jerntree" title="<h3>Jerntree</h3><h4 class='futhark'>JENTRY</h4><p>Jerntree is situated on a small pennisula from which Jarl Kazmiriez, a Daskan servant of the Konge, guards the Mistcloaked Straight and the village of Dagree. He has an experienced force of warriors at his disposal as well as several ships to hunt down pirates. A pragmatic and tacitern man, he has little patience for anyone who has not sworn allegience to his lord.</p>" rel="tooltip"></div>
	<div class="fiolnir" title="<h3>Shrine of Fiolnir</h3><h4 class='futhark'>SHRIN AV FYORGIN</h4><p>Towering over the ever shifting pack ice, the great marble statue of Fiolnir marks the only shrine to the Mistress of the Burning Cold. Huddled around the massive statue are 40 small stone buildings in which no fires burn to thaw out the frozen bodies found within.</p><p>The only inhabitant of this lonely windswept shrine is the Seer, the last priestest of Fiolnir. It is said that before coming here, her people resided in the warmer lands to the south. After receiving visions of a coming pogrom they fled here, building this shrine.</p><p>However, sometime after the completion of the shrine, their great relic, the Cold Flame of Ulfric was stolen, and so Fiolnir cursed the people by freezing them solid. It is said the Seer will bestow the Gift of Fiolnir on the champion who returns the artifact and free her people.</p>" rel="tooltip"></div>
	<div class="fiorgins-barrow" title="<h3>Fiorgin’s Barrow</h3><h4 class='futhark'>FYORGIN BAROV</h4><p>It is said that there is an evil in the north and it’s name is Fiorgin. A great barrow squats upon the last bit of rock found before the Thulean ice. Here, Fiorgin, a powerful Galgramr from another age was locked inside with his honor guard to sleep as the ancients did not have the craft to destroy him.</p><p>Now, he is locked up no longer, and his honor guard has been seen as far south as the ruins of Rojk. At the town of Siststop a mumbling madman known as Valdimar the Prophet cries incessantly about the horror that has awaken in Fiorgin Barrow and kidnapped his only friend, Torvar the Pale.</p>" rel="tooltip"></div>
	<div class="modi" title="<h3>Shrine of Modi</h3><h4 class='futhark'>SHRIN AV MODY</h4><p>On an island permenantly coverd in ice stands a structure like no other in all the north. A ziggurat rises out of the ice 60 feet into the air, with an ever glowing orb at its pinnacle that looks disturbingly like an eye. The Norderens have named it the Shrine of Modi, but the Librarian of Morning Star believes the place has another purpose.</p><p>In old moldering scrolls, the Librarian found mention of a people from beyond the ice who once would come south demanding sacrifices of the Jutun. These sacrifices took the form of great hunts, where Jutun nobles fled out onto the ice to be ritually hunted and slaughtered by these mysterious lords from Thule. The ziggurat, he believes, is their great hunting lodge, where they sleep, waiting to hunt once again.</p>" rel="tooltip"></div>
	</div>
</div>